Added link to extension naming conventions (#2219)
TYPO3-Documentation/TYPO3CMS-Reference-CoreApi: Documentation/ExtensionArchitecture/HowTo/PublishExtension/PublishToTER/Index.rst

effort in coding:

*  What additional benefit does your extension have for the TYPO3 community?
*  Does your extension key describe the extension? See the :ref:`extension key

>    requirements <extension-key>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   requirements <extension-key>`.
```

> *  Does your extension key describe the extension? See the `extension key
>    requirements<https://docs.typo3.org/m/typo3/reference-coreapi/11.5/en-us/ExtensionArchitecture/BestPractises/NamingConventions.html>`__.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*  Does your extension key describe the extension? See the :ref:`extension key
   requirements <extension-key>`
```
